hard to hear
hello yes good afternoon I am from ukraine the
city of khmelnitsky russian city
car - to you cities of russia
vladikavkaz vladikavkaz northern networks
your ossetian russian who are you what i
had just one guy neighbors in a mask
was
wondering if you specially chose ukraine by
chance
maybe you have  there are questions for Ukraine
Ukrainians
no questions but you personally
support the war in Ukraine and
why is your motivation
my motivation is that deceit
support your troops and calmly, that
is, for example, some guy in Germany
in the thirty-ninth year also said I
support my troops when  she filed
Poland then cheese first on the Soviet
Union they killed Jews because
you think it’s right if your
troops commit crimes so you need to
support them if I see evidence
to store the crime your
troops invaded a foreign country all this is
already a crime and why in this case it’s
not  Do you think that you can
attack others
what countries can be returned to, after all, it’s
so interesting in Ossetia and to speak and
Ossetians from the network to tell what it is necessary to
return their territories, which
territories to the Russian Federation
and which territories dos which territories
were in the Russian Federation that before 90
Russia was always there
1 this  some 91 years old it was a
Ukrainian Soviet socialist
republic
before
90 which Russian state of the
Russian state was the Russian
Soviet Federative Socialist
Republic
I remember I was born 81 years old I lived for another
ten years until 91 lived that’s what year of
birth there is 2004, that is,
several 18 already  completely lazy,
look, it turns out it was the Russian
state the Russian Soviet
federal socialist republic
was the Ukrainian state the Ukrainian
Soviet socialist republic
was the Belarusian Soviet
socialist republic the
territories in the ninetieth year
belonged to the Russian Soviet
federal socialist  of the static republic,
these territories that are now
listed, it became the Soviet republics of the
collapse of the Russian empire of the
Russian empire of the province, and how,
in general, with the Russian empire, a dry
crane was transferred to some state that
was a long time ago, the
history of the territory of North Ossetia was
once conquered
by the Mongols of Genghis Khan,
that is, it turns out should either
more to return these lands to yourself,
wait so all the neighbors were
conquered ukraine dachshund i will name it that
is, it turns out again look
seriously until the last zemstvo council
when they
asked for help from the borders of poland when
such
states let’s so the
moscow state him there in
different back she didn’t fight for ukraine
no period for example here is the battle of
orsha what it was you can say the battle
dish giorno say google it and
joke the battle longer who bells with whom the
Russian Lithuanian war
who fought Tomsk
opponents with one-sided the Grand
Duchy of Lithuania and was proud of Poland
against the Russian state, how is this
Russian state, the rampart of you was not
such a name the Russian state,
but then it was
Moscow
on exactly what the meaning was called then
, what now let me
read it to you to give on the battle of Orsha in
1514,
there was an army under the command of Prince
Konstantin Ostrozhsky,
this is him with  the territory of ukraine is
modern
to modern ukraine and the moscow
army on a crook there at the head of his own
and a bathtub on the sides that
fought the grand duchy of
moscow and the grand duchy of lithuania
russian and wives and the maltese here
look at the name of the sovereign
let's you go to wikipedia maybe you have
at all  what’s wrong with wikipedia,
that
is, you don’t even know what the state was called
before Lithuanian,
here’s the court, look, you opened Wikipedia, here’s the
battle for the cake and hurry it
up so to the side picture so
below the opponents are written
here they led the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to
see hover over it with the mouse and
how  it highlights full on
great  the Principality of Lithuania is Russian and the
Maltese, that is, your Moscow
army fought against the principality of the
Lithuanian Russian and the Maltese
how is it so, that
is, it turns out that we
are just Ukraine, the height of the
Russian husband
is from these territories, well, Ostrovsky,
where he was from Moscow, but
there is no name  there was no such thing ukraine and the
russian federation was not then the
russian federation
no but so alien you say these are modern
names, for example, what is the name of the
state of persia
iran iran now, so it means that iran was not there
before,
it just changed to the name
if we look at ukraine and rus here is
rus  so she was on the territory of
modern ukraine, they are in moscow, it’s true,
and his nets
ukraine for a long time also not only yes, but where
not novgorod moscow is tastier than novgorod
moscow they weren’t and prussia it was
these were territories they were subordinate to russia
were
then
tell
the tom rivers floor and
when it started  askold and dir then
you are on the basis of which you assert, but
here is the textbook t
oh, you didn’t think that your textbooks have a certain amount of propaganda, that is, how do you know where in history this information that they came to Kyiv from somewhere there and again it is in the story of bygone years which was written in what century [music] through there something like 200 years from those events, the news of those events that historians talk about a long time ago already in the twentieth century also proved that no archeology was found in that Novgorod in the eighth behi there in the ninth century tells you if Russia looks like varnish is Novgorod Russia is where ours is, that is, Russia was only [ __ ], there was only one time period if this time period made such a term for Kievan Rus, then what other time periods were they called [music] what does the Vladimir principality have to do with the Slavs in general, let's look at the body here Vladimir Suzdal, this is the principality where she was on the map, you understand, you can tell me  to name what Slavic
tribes lived on the territory of the Vladimir
Suzdal principality, here on the territory of
Russia there are wild sky, but I can in this
field than the Drevlyans to the northerners,
but on the territory of the Vladimir
Suzdal these tribes lived Slavic
on the territory of the Moscow Posad quiet and the
Vyatichi lived a little lower still  on the map,
these charms are what if we select
Vladimir Suzdal, then people lived there
and Finno-Ugric to a certain extent, and so
on,
where are the Slavs here Russia and
I’m rca gracefully with and I’m not talking about this
Russians who are Russians we can
talk separately I’m leading to  the fact that the
Vladimir Suzdal principality was so
in the territories uninhabited by the
Slavs,
we burned the Finno-Ugric peoples,
for example, to a lesser extent
and others,
take a map of the settlement of the Slavs there in the 9th
century and look at the Vladimir
Suzdal where it is
deities then but the residents of the
Russian map are trying to tell us or
something tinder  but when a person from behind the
network tells likes there
it’s generally interesting territories that were mastered by time absolutely gifs you look like this now the capital of russia where in moscow it means north ossetia is part of the russian federation does it mean that Russians live in north ossetia they are ossetians the change of population of north ossetia you but we are ossetians really if if if chechnya is now part of the russian federation also ramzan kadyrov is he Russian or he is a chechen chechen bridges and but russians this is citizenship citizenship and in terms of ethnic composition he is a current for that is, from the fact that some territory is part of a certain state so people remain of that nation they do not automatically stand as Russians like the inhabitants of Moscow until absolutely the same territory of the Vladimir Suzdal principality, she was savvy this script of Lenin to Kyiv, but not Slavic tribes lived there, what does the cool Vladimir Suzdal principality have to do with Russia in the annals of the heap there are even from Novgorod to Russia I'm going from  Vladimir is going to Russia,
how is it that if Vladimir is Russia and the
gate is a tourist how did they go from
Novgorod to Russia from Vladimir to Russia
look this is the same as
saying peoples are captured does not become
Russian how they become Russian you
said I won’t they stay
but then there were tribes, so when
a stronger state came,
they obeyed it and did not assimilate at all over time
there or there they simply
took the language on stage, they naturally
at least Russian well, look, if, for example,
say the Buryats begin to speak Russian
in Russian, they will become Russian from this
no, they will become Buryats who have become
Russified
now they have their own language and
region from well and in general, and so on I say
that the tribes absolutely
[music]
they look at they just adopted the
language, for example now in Brazil
what language is
Portuguese Brazil the Portuguese are
always and the native speakers are more than
Portugal itself  does it mean that Brazilians
are Portuguese,
let's see  ronaldo is clearly not a Portuguese,
that is, the language and from nothing,
I can be a little different things,
yes, that is, if we look, it’s just
that all the Russians say something to me there was
and let Vladimir be there, I’ll ask what
Slavic tribes then  lived on the
territory of the
Vladimir Suzdal principality,
there was no
time, how is it the capital, if it’s a sin, then a
time period, because Russia is not
all there throw you somewhere in school
textbooks it is written Kievan Rus, it was a
time period, the
term Kievan Rus brought us to div for a
glimpse of centuries  to designate other
Russia was not
if this time
[music]
dimmer judiciary principalities inhabited by
tribes 5 4 swords of partial skies
here is the measure of Murom before there were
Vyatichi Krivichi lower even lived the night I
watched how you compared
what Vyatichi Krivichi they lived lower than
Vladimir Suzdal
below this  according to the map of the bottom and
top, this floor is not Slavic tribes,
then Finno-Ugric,
let's google it, yes, this is not Slavic, at
least I'm all Muroma
the territory of vladimir ska of the
principality of suzdal in the riverbed of you zalesye
ringing
that from all the slavic tribes to see
what kind of muroma will happen again just
write a list of slavic tribes well, and I
also have a list on wikipedia before the list,
well, here came the list of slavic example and
well, there is a division
[music]
East Slavic tribes
in the center
so you write penis
sli look there write below to two
from to stands for the word we measure
urama there is two there is a
footnote go down and read the
footnote there two on the pier note and
two writes presumably
Finno-Ugric tribes
positively
if you click  in the same
wikipedia where you were there somewhere there
was this dvoechka instantly muroma
opens an article on the Russian
wikipedia muroma Finno-Ugric tribe of the
Torah in the middle of the 1st millennium AD
lived in the lower reaches of the river in the
vicinity of the city mace
is mentioned in the story of temporary  years as a
non-Slavic living near the confluence of the Oka into the
Volga,
written Eastern Slavs
nskie tribes I don’t know who the author of Wikipedia who makes this page put something on their list of East Slavic ones and make a mask that it’s Finno-Ugric so is there a look f we’ll be back about the tribes we already have a planet not in which Vladimir Sudan there were no Slavic names but we’ll be back then if Kievan Rus is a time period, then what else was the handle of the sea Moscow Rus that once who and when moved the capital from Kyiv to Moscow, so now we had some kind of who, when we again rise nothing, united around ourselves all of what century and so the rise of Moscow, I’m not a historian at all, I’m a programmer myself, a lawyer, but when I hear these stories from Russians about carrying, Moscow is already strong there, only he is always cheerful so that 415 ok and what was the plant to look at, let’s watch the thirteenth century, the middle of the 300th century, so the Mongols captured Kim Moscow there and so on, so here are different territories of the former spirit, so who ever transferred the capital to Moscow of Russia, I say mos again  kva began to be located by
others, and when they had already
driven out
standing on the eel [music] in the 80th year,
Moscow became the center of the center of which the
state, well, the state of Kruse, what does it
have to do, look, let's see it was like this, the
Mongol
empire then crumbled and parts entered
another state  for example,
Kazakhstan pushed into the Soviet Union there,
what does the Soviet Union
have to do with the
Mongol Empire?
there were people
even wider, look, it turns out that
when you changed the Rurikovichs, the
normal one already became non-Russian,
your gas sender depends on Russia or not
whether
it’s why not toughen up the dynasty of
princes,
people who led Russia
began to rule an even larger
state
in the center of which Moscow was so  that
is, I understand correctly if, for example,
Putin has
son and then he becomes president, for example, in sweden, then sweden is russia, what’s the matter, why why do you speak in the usa, the heir, it was belarus, so money, the family tree is huge, it was so someone stayed in russia in Kyiv, so right someone was sent there in Zalesye there Suzdal Vladimir so they created some kind of principality sieve what kind of and what does this have to do with Russia what kind of straight here you are well let's do it in Kyiv for example there on the territory of this former Russia the descendants of Rurik were also things -something there FIG knows where the descendants are, but the state of Moscow is so good, both consist only of which Kievan Rus Krusa had nothing at all to do where I’m looking, look, I’m going to fight with the center in Kyiv, so and so it was, let’s say the Russian empire of 17, I’m here an example in the seventeenth in 1917, the Russian empire collapsed and appeared, for example, in Finland, a cave, get lost, hang out in 1917, so the Russian empire stopped its  th
existence, for example, Poland
appeared, Finland appeared independent, so they
appeared,
yes, I hear you,
well,
such a historian disappeared, I adore in Russian
, still adoring when someone
especially there, some kind of non-Rus,
tells us how
this blogger is sitting there and
on  patronymic rishatovich
but he tells how he is already Russian
there is also a guy of neighbors and to me a
man who lives in the territory up to
which Belarus
tells that we are not Russia
somewhere out there in the swamps beyond Moscow and there
Vladimir Suzdal they are
just what Russia if we look  the technical
component of the
so-and-so
Vladimir Suzdal principality, yes,
what kind of Slavs lived there,
Finno-Ugric tribes lived there,
yes there was a prince sent as a governor
sent a greeting from
Moscow sent governors of the northern
network sent a governor in Buryatia, then
we get up these people from this male
northern network or choose  has they
just sent an
administrative
unit that removes the distance from them there,
for example, that
which organize processes if, conditionally, the British Empire there sent a governor-general coolly to India, or whoever was there and on steel or Indians from this English there are also no inhabitants of this Vladimir Suzdal principality, they did not become Anna’s son, you are Slavs and for Russia this it was equal to tribes and states with different subordinates, the territory and it’s so funny to hear from here from the Russian, so they zombify with this great imperial pseudo-historical legend, but when they start to figure it out, I ask, but even so if there is a Russian where there wasn’t with us, okay, it’s good if we we look where there was Russia there was no modern Kyiv on the territory there, there is a part of Zhytomyr there, Poltava and Chernihiv, I’m mistaken in these areas, then it expanded with an account for the Galicia-Volyn principality, this corner was infernal, there was a crawl Russian role of Lucy and those stockings that are somewhere there in the village lived in climb and they were never called a stream if in the Kyiv region  av
having re-arranged the handles there, climbed in and re-arranged the fishing lines,
that’s what it was called, that is, it was climbed in and here
Rus Galich succeeded there ticks the rs cue
carcass the tribe lived at least by the
way, yes, at Alexander’s dust, I’ve
seen enough of a lot of good right
things
there are q historian google and Alexander
Poleev youtu.  be
cool things and
focus on not if this
axis is blowing it away he tells us that
Nikita Rurik it’s good if they are closer
that when you talk about from Kievan Rus
this time period in the annals was not
the word Kievan Rus well then
historians didn’t call it then  they designated it in order
to understand and more clearly this topic, it was not
called this and Belarus, but there were no other people
either, they had their own, this is
Moscow, they called the Old Russian
state they never had it, they didn’t call
water there Moscow is the same
Old Russian state, this is from her
historians before  did such a term
exist if we look at what
time period you scan a tourist is good then
tell me other time periods
periods what then were Moscow Russia was not such Novgorod was not Vladimir Suzdal let it not be and when you forget a simple question well then in what year who moved the capital of Russia from Kyiv somewhere there we are still and everything crumbles on this, that is, they want continuity you know, for example, Chechnya is now in the Russian Federation, the center in Moscow, then Chechnya is separated from Kievan Rus, and since it was once in the Russian Federation, it is called Russia, it would be funny, it would be even more funny that when this memory started, it returns to itself lands, this is what they all have Russians, this is fascism, we remember how the wars began on the ladies to be injured, the desire to return some historical lands to which Hitler, for example, Austria, this German should be one single German state, the Austrians do not have the right to live a cool swim state is not should be in German for some reason because I decided so and now Russia  she’s saturated with
this, the fascists need to be returned in short,
some kind of year, but for some reason, when they
want to return some year, they
take exactly what they have lost since this year, but
what they have gained, they don’t want it if
you guys want somehow
return there 14 15 16 vector then
give these territories from whom you squeezed
after this century, otherwise they are
much they once don’t catch
some moment when you were
part of the Russian empire there, everything
means this is Russian land,
so we weren’t  in the composition they were killed later,
too, why did you catch this
cry and want to return us during this period
and
you don’t want to return other territories during
this period, so that is, then take
the Yakutia there so
give the territory shrouded in
why you
conquered
Russia, this is such a gopnik who is a
lawlessness for him  there are no
things, it’s true there are persuasions and an agreement for them
, nothing means anything, so
today they received a state there in the
ninety-first year created
Russia  before that, the Russian federation was there
another state on the Russian
Soviet Federative Socialist
Republic, which was created on the ruins of a
dead Russian
empire, we are now starting to bring the imperial people from it,
bring their non-imperial population, they
need to be driven, he is sitting in this Ossetian,
which is a pawn in the Russian empire,
he is not  he looks at his history at the proud
Alans there, he looks at him at school, they don’t
tell the history of the network what kind of people you were
before the Alans and how much they
were a people and
what historical value they had over
tells Dasha there somewhere near Moscow
in the swamps, in short, some kind of prince
-something there the fifth generation is younger and Rurik’s
clinics collected something there and
then he called himself they all dug up until 14 15
filings
and where you have a hole in 1014 in the 15th century they began to
be called like claiming history
and russisch here we are like the Russian
state they needed  that they give Nikita
incomprehensible from history,
well, you won’t close the hole, you won’t invent anything there,
no one will ever
from Kyiv nanny cabin forces the face of Russia somewhere there and it’s very interesting since the Russian Wikipedia how it falsifies, for example, the same battle to the soul of the Lithuanian state so in Lithuanian when he’s Grisha it’s a Lithuanian Russian press and a Russian press press something to tell when we dress up look at the mouse and go specifically and simply between Lithuania and he enters the Lithuanian Russian, but we blow his head from Moscow to from the battle for a longer time fought with the state of Russian Lithuanians and T-shirts and underpants to squeeze out of Russia or your wife have a lot and we all we need to fill in the gaps in our history, understanding our history, so we are not professional historians and very often we live all calmly, but when there is a threat from the Russians, they want to replace our father, we are nobody, you don’t come from here Ukraine, because we are somewhere in the swamps we are this Russia, we must fight for this Russia in our heads, we must first of all convey to our compatriots  and to the
second to them, they should not understand that they are being
dipped in their poop. Here is
imperialist propaganda
.
like our work please respect
it on your koala fm and my spirit from men
no one is for us and not a term
glory to ukraine